README.md, before:

# dotf2git

A simple tool for backing up your dot files to your own GitHub account.

## Initial setup

1. Create a new **private** repository on your GitHub account. Don't add any files to it.
2. Open a Terminal and run:

```bash
cd ~ && git clone git@github.com:PeachlifeAB/dotf2git.git && dotf2git/backup
```

This will set the remotes up for you and ensure you can easily get latest features and bug fixes.

## Use

To sync and back up your dotfiles, run:

```bash
~/dotf2git/backup
```

## Get latest features

```bash
~/dotf2git/update
```

This will pull latest upstream changes to your personal version of this repo.

## Multiple computers

**Supported**
Just clone your private version of this repo on each computer and run:

```bash
~/dotf2git/backup
```

The script will create a new branch named after each computer’s hostname, ensuring separate backups for each machine.

## Missing some dot files?

Just add the file name to `whitelist.txt`
If you think it should be included for everyone, please add an [issue](https://github.com/PeachlifeAB/dotf2git/issues/new/choose)

Commit message:

Add more files to whitelist and update README

README.md, after:

# dotf2git

A simple tool for backing up your dot files to your own GitHub account.

## Initial setup

1. Create a new **private** repository on your GitHub account. Don't add any files to it.
2. Open a Terminal and run:

```bash
cd ~ && git clone git@github.com:PeachlifeAB/dotf2git.git && dotf2git/backup
```

This will set the remotes up for you and ensure you can easily get latest features and bug fixes.

## Use

To sync and back up your dotfiles, run:

```bash
~/dotf2git/backup
```

## Get latest features

```bash
~/dotf2git/update
```

This will pull latest upstream changes to your personal version of this repo.

## Multiple computers

**Supported**
Just clone your private version of this repo on each computer and run:

```bash
~/dotf2git/backup
```

The script will create a new branch named after each computer’s hostname, ensuring separate backups for each machine.

Since dotf2git is based on git you can checkout and pull any computer branch locally to copy files between computers.

## Missing some dot files?

Just add the file name to `whitelist.txt`
If you think it should be included for everyone, please add an [issue](https://github.com/PeachlifeAB/dotf2git/issues/new/choose)
